/Moving on doesn't mean accepting wrongs as norms.

If growing up is not becoming better, what's the point of growing up?

When you have to reverse the reality to like it.

Q: Is there something we think we are very good at but we are actually inferior on the international level?<br />A: Being lickspittles for the communists. Even the worst offenders among us have the excuse of not having a choice. Some foreigners however, are simply so willing to lick that they no longer have personal values, no soul.

Sakura know they will wither soon after flowering, yet they bloom like no other.

There is a great man who makes every man feel small. But the real great man is the man who makes every man feel great.  -Gllbert Chesterton

The better the craftsman, the better the product. If the world is going to be made by such a being (a perfect god), you'd expect it to be a very very good world. Well, how good is this one?  -Brian P. Copenhaver

It was not that she was out of temper, but that the world was not equal to the demands of her fine organism.  -George Eliot

In individuals, insanity is rare; but in groups, parties, nations, and epochs it is the rule.  - Friedrich Nietzsche

Nobody has a more sacred obligation to obey the law than those who make the law.  - Sophocles

In fact, now I come to think of it, do we decide questions, at all? We decide answers, no doubt: but surely the questions decide us? It is the dog, you know, that wags the tail—not the tail that wags the dog.  - Lewis Carroll

Those who deny freedom to others, deserve it not for themselves.  - Abraham Lincoln

Whenever I hear anyone arguing for slavery, I feel a strong impulse to see it tried on him personally.  - Abraham Lincoln

The essence of sin is arrogance; the essence of salvation is submission.  - Alan Redpath

It's extraordinary how we go through life with eyes half shut, with dull ears, with dormant thoughts. Perhaps it's just as well; and it may be that it is this very dullness that makes life to the incalculable majority so supportable and so welcome.  - Joseph Cornad